Fix for unreachable Kaptain docs page (#3590)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/1.2.0-1.0.0/introducing/index.md

| ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Out-of-the-box integration of Spark and Horovod   | No need to install additional libraries to create data pipelines or train Spark ML models on multiple CPUs or GPUs |
| Fully tested pre-baked notebook images            | A familiar environment that has been fully tested and integrates with all the shared resources (CPUs, GPUs) and data access controls needed to build and share models as a team |
|
| Train, tune, and deploy from a Jupyter notebook   | No context switching or credentials and CLI tools on individuals' laptops    |
| Enterprise-grade security controls and profiles   | Multi-tenancy? No problem!                                      |

> | Day 2 operations                                  | Built-in lifecycle management operations such as updates and upgrades   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Built for production use | Ready for day 2 with built-in observability, security, and cost management as well as zero-downtime upgradability of the entire platform with minimal or no interruptions of user workloads  |
```
